Calhoun Super Structures is a family owned company. Calhoun’s mission is to diligently pursue excellence in all aspects of product design, manufacturing, and supply through a focus on development of people, innovation, and sound engineering with the goal of being a leader in the fabric building industry. Calhoun offers three versatile design profiles, fully engineered to the specific location and application. Research, dedication, and experience allow Calhoun to continually fabricate and introduce new innovative products. With a focus on manufacturing the most efficient and durable fabric buildings available, Calhoun continues to invest in new techniques, products, and engineering. The versatility, form and function of Calhoun’s fabric-covered buildings provide endless opportunities in a variety of industries. From agricultural to commercial and industrial applications, Calhoun’s buildings provide all customers’ storage and building needs. Calhoun’s three building profiles allow for quick installation and easy expansion as needs increase and the customer’s business grows. Calhoun offers hot dipped Galvanized Framework with a clear-span Interior – proven through engineering – at lower operational costs and versatility of the structures. Calhoun is currently looking for partners to work with in Africa and will have structures up and installed in Africa soon. Dan Dalzell, a Dealer Development Manager with Calhoun, advices potential clients to always choose the best product for the intended use. Calhoun offers a long service-life with little to no maintenance required. No investment is required for continuous maintenance over the years. Dalzell also commented on the emerging trends concerning the product that, “Due to the lack of exposure of fabric buildings, the industry is currently an untapped market given that, fabric buildings are still very new to the general consumer, and people are just beginning to become familiar with and learning the benefits of them. Once they do understand the substantial advantages derived from building fabric structures, they will quickly shift to the new modern construction and investment in the structures.” Calhoun has recently participated at the FMB Africa Fertilizer Conference and Exhibition. The response from the show was great and they look forward to attending again in future years. Contributor: Dan Dalzell Calhoun Super Structures Dealer Development Manager ddalzell@calhoun.ca www.calhoun.ca